src/content/docs/logs/tutorials/parsing-json-log-data.mdx, before:

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Parse Cloudflare Logs JSON data
sidebar:
  order: 86
---

After downloading your Cloudflare Logs data, you can use different tools to parse and analyze your logs.

One of those tools used to parse your JSON log data is _jq_. To get started with _jq_, visit the [_jq_ official site](https://jqlang.github.io/jq/).

:::note[Note]

_jq_ is a powerful command line for parsing JSON data and performing certain types of analysis. To perform more detailed analysis, consider a full-fledged data analysis system, such as _Kibana_.

:::

## Aggregate fields

To aggregate a field appearing in the log, such as by IP address, URI, or referrer, you can use several _jq_ commands. This is useful to identify any patterns in traffic; for example, to identify your most popular pages or to block an attack.

The following examples match on a field name and provide a count of each field instance, sorted in ascending order by count.

```sh
jq -r .ClientRequestURI logs.json | sort -n | uniq -c | sort -n | tail
```

```sh output
2 /nginx-logo.png
2 /poweredby.png
2 /testagain
3 /favicon.ico
3 /testing
3 /testing123
6 /test
7 /testing1234
10 /cdn-cgi/nexp/dok3v=1613a3a185/cloudflare/rocket.js
54 /
```

```sh
jq -r .ClientRequestUserAgent logs.json | sort -n | uniq -c | sort -n | tail
```

```sh output
1 python-requests/2.9.1
2 Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_7_5) AppleWebKit/537.17 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/24.0.1312.56 Safari/537.17
4 Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Linux x86_64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/48.0.2564.116 Safari/537.36
5 curl/7.47.2-DEV
36 Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Linux x86_64; rv:44.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/44.0
51 curl/7.46.0-DEV
```

```sh
jq -r .ClientRequestReferer logs.json | sort -n | uniq -c | sort -n | tail
```

```sh output
2 http://example.com/testagain
3 http://example.com/testing
5 http://example.com/
5 http://example.com/testing123
7 http://example.com/testing1234
77 null
```

## Filter fields

Another common use case involves filtering data for a specific field value and then aggregating after that. This helps answer questions like _Which URLs saw the most 502 errors?_ For example:

```sh
jq 'select(.OriginResponseStatus == 502) | .ClientRequestURI' logs.json | sort -n | uniq -c | sort -n | tail
```

```sh output
1 "/favicon.ico"
1 "/testing"
3 "/testing123"
6 "/test"
6 "/testing1234"
18 "/"
```

To find out the top IP addresses blocked by the Cloudflare WAF, use the following query:

```sh
jq -r 'select(.SecurityAction == "block") | .ClientIP' logs.json | sort -n | uniq -c | sort -n
```

```sh output
1 127.0.0.1
```

## Show cached requests

To retrieve your cache ratios, try the following query:

```sh
jq -r '.CacheCacheStatus' logs.json | sort -n | uniq -c | sort -n
```

```sh output
3 hit
3 null
3 stale
4 expired
6 miss
81 unknown
```

## Show TLS versions

To find out which TLS versions your visitors are using — for example, to decide if you can disable TLS versions that are older than 1.2 — use the following query:

```sh
jq -r '.ClientSSLProtocol' logs.json | sort -n | uniq -c | sort -n
```

```sh output
42 none
58 TLSv1.2
```

Commit message:

[Logs] Update curl commands under Logs
This updates `curl` commands under Logs per guidelines: https://developers.cloudflare.com/style-guide/api-content-strategy/guidelines-for-curl-commands/

Changes:
 - Use long parameter names for `--header`, `--request`, and `--data`.
 - Use double quotes for parameters.
 - Remove double quotes for URL, except when there is `?` (use double quotes).
 - Indent two spaces for request and response bodies.
 - Remove `jq` piping.
 - Reorder parameters for multi-line commands (and remove indentation except for `--data`) to be consistent.
 - Use correct placeholders, i.e., `{name}` in URLs, and `<NAME>` in request / response bodies.
 - Remove `--request GET` and `--silent`, and add missing `--request POST`.
 - Use `bash` syntax for commands, and `json` syntax for JSON responses.

src/content/docs/logs/tutorials/parsing-json-log-data.mdx, after:

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Parse Cloudflare Logs JSON data
sidebar:
  order: 86
---

After downloading your Cloudflare Logs data, you can use different tools to parse and analyze your logs.

One of those tools used to parse your JSON log data is `jq`.

Refer to [Download jq](https://jqlang.github.io/jq/download/) for more information on obtaining and installing `jq`.

:::note[Note]

`jq` is a powerful command line for parsing JSON data and performing certain types of analysis. To perform more detailed analysis, consider a full-fledged data analysis system, such as _Kibana_.

:::

## Aggregate fields

To aggregate a field appearing in the log, such as by IP address, URI, or referrer, you can use several `jq` commands. This is useful to identify any patterns in traffic; for example, to identify your most popular pages or to block an attack.

The following examples match on a field name and provide a count of each field instance, sorted in ascending order by count.

```bash
jq -r .ClientRequestURI logs.json | sort -n | uniq -c | sort -n | tail
```

```bash output
2 /nginx-logo.png
2 /poweredby.png
2 /testagain
3 /favicon.ico
3 /testing
3 /testing123
6 /test
7 /testing1234
10 /cdn-cgi/nexp/dok3v=1613a3a185/cloudflare/rocket.js
54 /
```

```bash
jq -r .ClientRequestUserAgent logs.json | sort -n | uniq -c | sort -n | tail
```

```bash output
1 python-requests/2.9.1
2 Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_7_5) AppleWebKit/537.17 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/24.0.1312.56 Safari/537.17
4 Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Linux x86_64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/48.0.2564.116 Safari/537.36
5 curl/7.47.2-DEV
36 Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Linux x86_64; rv:44.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/44.0
51 curl/7.46.0-DEV
```

```bash
jq -r .ClientRequestReferer logs.json | sort -n | uniq -c | sort -n | tail
```

```bash output
2 http://example.com/testagain
3 http://example.com/testing
5 http://example.com/
5 http://example.com/testing123
7 http://example.com/testing1234
77 null
```

## Filter fields

Another common use case involves filtering data for a specific field value and then aggregating after that. This helps answer questions like _Which URLs saw the most 502 errors?_ For example:

```bash
jq 'select(.OriginResponseStatus == 502) | .ClientRequestURI' logs.json | sort -n | uniq -c | sort -n | tail
```

```bash output
1 "/favicon.ico"
1 "/testing"
3 "/testing123"
6 "/test"
6 "/testing1234"
18 "/"
```

To find out the top IP addresses blocked by the Cloudflare WAF, use the following query:

```bash
jq -r 'select(.SecurityAction == "block") | .ClientIP' logs.json | sort -n | uniq -c | sort -n
```

```bash output
1 127.0.0.1
```

## Show cached requests

To retrieve your cache ratios, try the following query:

```bash
jq -r '.CacheCacheStatus' logs.json | sort -n | uniq -c | sort -n
```

```bash output
3 hit
3 null
3 stale
4 expired
6 miss
81 unknown
```

## Show TLS versions

To find out which TLS versions your visitors are using — for example, to decide if you can disable TLS versions that are older than 1.2 — use the following query:

```bash
jq -r '.ClientSSLProtocol' logs.json | sort -n | uniq -c | sort -n
```

```bash output
42 none
58 TLSv1.2
```
